referred            refered
operator            opertor
occurred            occured
drastically         drasticly
inoculate           innoculate
britain             britian
appointments        apointments
exaggerate          exagerate
presumptuous        presumptous
written             writen
amiable             aimeable
disappoint          disapoint
apologised          appologised
curriculum          curicculum
receives            recieves
acquiescence        acquiesence
orchestra           ochestra
accompanying        accompaning
murmurs             murmers
conceive            concieve
incessant           incesant
february            febuary
kapok               kapock
alumni              alumnae
playwright          playwrite
library             libary
immediately         imediatly
nadir               nadar
accommodations      accomodations
necessarily         necessarially
successful          sucessful
adjourned           adjorned
there               thear
dissension          desention
laboratory          labratory
minutes             muinutes
grateful            greatful
necessary           nessasary
innocuous           inocuous
grill               grille
receipts            reciepts
medicine            medecine
until               untill
beam                beame
exorbitant          exhorbitant
fulfill             fullfil
prejudice           predudice
quorum              quorem
accelerate          acellerate
opportunity         opertunity
edition             ediition
apology             appology
villain             villian
precipice           presipice
applied             upplied
drunkenness         drunkeness
usually             usualy
mustnt              musnt
handle              handel
prairie             prarie
friend              freind
colossus            collosus
continually         contually
balloon             baloon
temporarily         temporarly
analogous           analagous
employees           emploies
transportability    transportibility
financial           finatical
niagara             niagra
undoubtedly         undoubtably
possibilities       possiblities
pharaohs            pharoahs
dilapidated         dilapadated
poisonous           poisenous
immensely           immencely
peculiar            pecular
specimen            speciman
unmistakable        unmistakeable
beneficial          benificial
dormitory           dormatory
definition          defenition
penance             pennance
regretted           regreted
phase               fase
aghast              agast
delinquent          delinquint
quarantine          quarrantine
reaching            reching
accidentally        accidently
intercede           intersede
annoyance           anoyance
searching           serching
navigating          navagating
hindrance           hinderance
technique           tecnique
choice              choise
appearance          appearence
asleep              asleeep
prejudice           predjudice
means               meens
visitors            vistors
harass              harrass
monitoring          monitering
separate            seporate
erroneous           errounous
wagging             waggin
bitch               bich
accounts            acounts
again               agiin
arguing             aurguing
definitions         defenitions
britannia           britania
discipline          disiplin
adequately          adequattly
appetite            appitite
deem                deam
rating              rateing
eisenhower          eisenhhower
permanent           perminant
suited              suted
favourable          faverable
dictionary          dictionery
technically         technecally
recommended         reccommended
develop             devellope
especially          especaily
any                 anye
rebuttal            rebutal
initial             intial
comparatively       comparitively
disaggregate        disaggreagte
invariably          invarably
rhapsody            raphsody
mathematics         mathamatics
necessary           neccesary
forbidden           forbiden
required            reequired
partially           partialy
considering         consderin
announcing          anouncing
during              durin
embarrassment       embarrasment
inefficient         ineffiect
recommended         reccomended
ideally             idealy
geographically      goegraphicaly
unequalled          unequaled
comparative         comparitive
transactions        trasactions
really              realy
receive             recieve
conditions          condicions
organization        oragnisation
arranged            aranged
pamphlet            pamphalet
weight              weigth
picnicking          picnicing
paralysis           parallysis
many                mony
develop             develope
buying              buyin
language            langauge
foreign             forien
receipt             reciept
usually             usualy
perseverance        perserverance
stationary          stationery
violin              vioiln
effeminate          affeminate
temperament         temperment
received            recieved
used                usedf
scrutinized         scrutiniesed
surroundings        seroundings
provisions          provisons
pseudonym           pseudynom
approached          aproached
seen                seeen
itemized            itimized
specifically        specificly
labeled             labelled
ability             ablity
encyclopedia        enclyclopedia
peasant             peasent
identified          indentified
although            athough
experience          experiance
accessible          accesible
occasion            ocassion
propeller           propellor
abhorrence          abhorence
lodgment            lodgement
supervision         supervison
pleasant            plesent
contemptible        contempible
fundamentally       fundementally
accepted            acepted
eyeing              eying
description         discription
preference          preferance
therefore           therefoe
liquefied           liquified
mattress            mattres
voucher             vouture
management          managment
agencies            agences
quiescent           quiscent
interfered          interferred
representatives     representitives
sacrament           sacrement
originally          origionally
clerical            clearical
momentous           momentus
categories          catagoris
occasionally        ocasionaly
definitely          definately
sufficient          suficient
titles              tittles
building            biulding
decisions           deciscions
zealous             zelous
explaining          explaning
corporate           corparate
lieu                liew
employment          empolyment
flexible            flexable
were                where
impresario          impressario
commitment          committment
committees          comittees
compendium          conpendium
encompassing        encompasing
competent           compitent
examination         examiantion
will                wil
hierarchal          hierachial
interpretation      interpritation
easily              easly
voluntary           volantry
surprise            suprise
announcement        anouncement
confirmation        confermation
subsequent          subsequant
who                 whoe
merchantmen         merchantment
ammonia             amonia
cancellation        cancelation
choices             choises
hemorrhage          hemorrage
tobogganing         tobboganing
necessary           necasery
persuaded           pursuaded
union               unioun
appropriate         apropriate
subsequent          subsiquent
diphtheria          diptheria
imitation           immitation
months              monthes
tacit               tasit
minutes             muiuets
available           avaliable
embarrass           embarass
drawing             drawin
decided             descided
withhold            withold
assassinate         assasinate
successive          sucessive
tendency            tendancy
representative      representitive
techniques          tecniques
interest            intrest
receded             receeded
strenuous           streneous
variable            vaiable
supplement          supliment
seize               sieze
government          goverment
opportunities       oppurtunities
cancellation        cancelation
preserved           perserved
showing             showin
consist             consisit
government          goverment
arrangement         arrangment
guarantee           gaurantee
resolved            resoved
disappoint          dissappoint
which               whitch
opinion             oppinion
questionnaire       questionaire
voluntary           volantary
responsible         responcible
description         discription
systematically      systemetically
exaggeration        exageration
controversy         controvercy
oppressor           oppresser
obtaining           optaning
adaptable           adabtable
prevalent           prevelant
sacrilegious        sacreligious
pamphlet            phamplet
undoubtedly         undoubtly
relatively          relativly
exponentially       exponentualy
years               yesars
decision            descision
permissible         permisable
magnificent         magnigicient
projects            projeccts
shown               hown
particular          paerticulaur
provide             provid
ninetieth           nintieth
absorbent           absorbant
executed            executted
discrete            discite
annoyance           annoiance
position            possition
singular            singulaur
levels              levals
comments            coments
unequaled           unequalled
physician           physcian
particular          particulaur
accessibility       accessability
privilege           priviledge
described           describd
liquefy             liquify
available           availble
jeopardize          jeprodise
remembrance         rememberance
profits             proffits
endorsement         endorsment
encyclopedia        encylopedia
enlarged            enlargd
safety              safty
arrangement         arragment
manually            manualy
awkward             aukward
explicitly          explisitly
exact               exsact
nocturnal           nocternal
persuasion          persausion
sabbath             sabath
irreparable         irrepairable
supplements         suplements
financially         financialy
pursuer             persuer
supersede           supercede
millionaire         millionnaire
gaining             ganing
guttural            gutteral
recommend           recomend
generated           generataed
between             beeteen
divine              devine
oratorio            orotario
similar             similiar
sailor              sailer
fails               failes
recommendation      recomendation
material            materiel
silk                silke
belligerent         beligerant
recommending        reccomending
victuals            vituals
gone                gonne
amiable             aimiable
doctors             docters
surrounded          surounded
suggests            sugests
miniature           minature
accrued             accrude
mortgage            morgage
before              beefore
meant               ment
sense               sence
sorority            sarrority
preferred           prefered
perspiration        persperation
unique              uneque
difficulty          dificulty
indefinite          indefinate
license             lisence
auguments           aurgument
filipinos           philipinoes
suggestion          sugestion
experience          experiance
probably            probabley
jackknife           jacknife
lieutenant          leutenant
permanently         perminantly
assiduous           assidious
interrupted         interupted
atmosphere          atmospher
thinking            thinkin
vertical            verticle
physician           physican
lonely              lonley
to                  ro
kaleidoscope        kaleidescope
denying             denyin
benefit             benifit
analysis            analsis
possession          posession
chemistry           chemestry
anniversary         aniversary
simultaneous        similtanous
pamphlets           phamplets
controllable        controlable
incredible          incredable
sources             sorces
indeed              indead
functions           functuions
utterance           utterence
gramophone          grammophon
these               thess
participle          participal
committee           committe
continued           contuned
think               thinke
receiving           recieving
beneficial          benificial
inconvenience       inconvience
earlier             earlyer
instead             insted
career              carrer
sensible            sensable
straitjacket        straightjacket
forthright          fortright
recommended         recommend
ninetyninth         nintynineth
buoyancy            bouyancy
penguins            pengiuns
patterns            pattarns
exquisite           exqusite
spear               speer
syllables           sylables
investigated        investegated
these               thees
suffrage            sufferage
base                basse
parameters          perametres
segment             egment
beginning           begining
management          managment
summarys            sumarys
false               faulse
terrors             terrours
accrued             acrued
opportunity         oppertunity
primarily           pimarily
mutilate            mutalate
buried              burried
superficial         superfical
different           diffrent
acquiesce           aquiese
shoulders           sholders
leveled             levelled
families            familys
academically        academicly
the                 thi
relevant            relevaant
occasionally        occassionally
consumer            comsumer
compare             compair
applying            applieing
various             vairious
recommendation      reccommendation
committees          commitees
doubt               doubte
journalism          journaism
idiosyncrasy        idiocyncracy
pittsburgh          pittsburg
addressable         addresable
actually            actualy
yacht               yaht
tranquillity        tranquility
public              publick
understandable      understadable
rescinded           resinded
fielder             fiedler
flourished          florished
running             runing
available           avaible
conditioning        conditining
renegade            renagade
frescos             frescoes
output              oputput
personnel           personel
hurricane           huricane
terrestrial         terestial
various             vairous
jealousy            jelousy
jaguar              jagaur
desirable           disiable
tragedy             tradgedy
within              withing
surveys             servays
engineers           egnineers
suffering           suufering
retirement          retirment
rummage             rumage
successful          sucssuful
refered             reffered
possible            possable
brake               brakke
parallel            parellel
jaundice            jaundise
gnawing             knawing
niggardly           nigardly
fighting            fieghting
research            reserch
perforation         preforation
stopped             stoped
obdurate            obdirate
before              befor
build               biuld
advantageous        advantageos
separate            seperate
khaki               kahki
reservoir           resevoir
necessary           necassery
vilify              villify
suppress            supress
utilized            utalised
advantageous        advantagous
graphically         graphicaly
naturally           naturaly
speaking            speeking
necessary           nessisary
lodestone           loadstone
relevant            revelent
addition            additon
eliminate           elliminate
vitamins            vitamines
umbrella            umberalla
someone             somone
bachelor            batchelor
disappointment      dissappointment
forty               fourty
acquaintance        acquantance
segment             segemnt
necessary           neccasary
progression         progresion
violence            violance
profit              proffit
swearing            swearinge
described           discribed
inconceivable       inconcievable
quandary            quandry
wednesday           wedensday
worshiping          worshipping
length              lengh
esteemed            estimed
articles            articals
eventually          eventully
are                 arte
dealt               delt
statue              statu
coalesced           coalesed
conceived           concieved
hammarskjold        hammerskjold
catalogues          catologues
misleading          missleading
university          unversity
adjacent            ajacent
ordinarily          ordinarilly
tranquility         tranquillity
hygiene             hygeine
certain             cirtain
pastor              paster
effervescent        effervesent
moccasins           mocassins
mathematics         mathmatics
opportunities       oppotunities
ridiculous          rediculous
decisions           descisions
yeoman              yoman
self                selfe
analysed            analised
commanded           commaunded
commission          commision
preparation         preperation
shoulder            shouldda
miscellaneous       miscelaneous
february            febuary
variable            varable
vice                vise
thermawear          thermawere
grabbing            grabbin
widely              widly
phenomenon          phenonenon
would               whould
familiar            familer
recommendations     reccomendations
declarations        declaratrions
yacht               yahct
adequate            adiquate
receiver            reciever
adjournment         adjurnment
challenge           chalange
yearned             yerned
acquire             aquire
fourth              forth
particularly        particulary
communicate         comunicate
annoying            anoying
rendezvous          rendevous
allotted            alloted
favourably          favorably
readjusted          reajusted
chimneys            chimnies
unnecessarily       unessasarily
opposition          oposition
having              haveing
compared            compased
handkerchief        hankerchief
appreciated         apreciated
sergeant            sergant
surreptitious       sureptitous
pastime             pasttime
cemetery            cemetary
absence             absense
responsibility      responsiblity
perhaps             perhapse
counting            countin
triangular          triangulaur
humbly              humly
data                dat
depreciation        depeciation
curiosity           curiousity
attorneys           attornies
meant               ment
completely          completly
responsibilities    responsiblities
perceive            percieve
achievement         acheivement
organization        oranisation
generosity          generousity
consists            consisits
receptacle          receptacel
pamphlets           pamplets
recommend           reccommend
pertaining          pertaning
brief               brif
the                 hte
exhilarating        exhilirating
arranged            arrainged
inevitable          inevitible
through             throut
applicable          aplicable
temporary           temperary
surroundings        suroundings
independent         independant
corrugated          corrigated
thermawear          thermawhere
disastrous          disasterous
supplement          suplement
sell                selle
vacillate           vaccilate
fatiguing           fatiging
radiant             radient
livelihood          livelyhood
until               untill
traditionally       traditionaly
indictment          inditement
dragged             draged
opportunity         oppotunity
humour              humor
insistence          insistance
fascinating         facinating
cincinnati          cincinatti
procedure           proceedure
criticism           citisum
facilities          facilitys
valuable            valubale
dependant           dependent
between             beetween
the                 thw
figure              figuar
kindergarten        kindergarden
source              sorce
truculent           trucculent
embellishing        embelishing
maintenance         maintainance
tying               tieing
decide              descide
starting            startin
committee           commitee
transferable        transferrable
analyse             analiss
consistent          consistant
could               coud
assessing           accesing
ominous             omenous
delinquent          deliguent
immediately         imidatly
extremely           extreemly
solemn              solmn
benefits            benifits
accompaniment       accompanimen
quarreled           quarelled
approach            aproach
angel               angell
unfortunately       unfortunatly
geneva              geniva
privilege           privelege
thoroughly          thouroughly
sufficient          sufficent
anything            anythin
quantities          quanties
possibilities       possablities
mythical            mithical
recently            reciently
containing          contasining
shipping            shippin
affidavit           afidavit
occurred            occureed
stirring            stirrin
they                thay
unresolved          unresloved
accommodation       accomodation
linoleum            linolium
zenith              zeenith
doctor              docter
decidedly           dicidely
sheets              sheertes
together            togehter
discretion          discresion
per                 pere
auxiliary           auxillary
accumulated         acumulated
smiling             smilin
definitely          definatly
sociable            socable
amateur             amatuer
queries             quies
scheme              scheem
optician            opticion
supplementary       suplementary
exhorted            exorted
thoughts            thorts
sanitary            sanatary
appetites           appatites
impedance           impedence
operations          operatins
operators           oprators
timing              timeing
conscientious       conscientous
matrix              matriiix
heyday              heydey
peninsula           peninsular
library             libray
such                shuch
grammar             grammer
career              carear
operators           operaters
taking              takin
address             adress
correspondence      correspondance
notwithstanding     nothwithstanding
consider            concider
equivalent          equivelant
excellence          excelence
therefore           therefor
repetitive          repetative
mercenary           mercanery
disaggregate        disaggreaget
receives            recives
weird               wierd
livelihood          livlihood
deuce               duece
necessary           necassary
exercises           excercises
fear                feare
figures             figuars
immediately         immediatley
dissipate           disippate
excellent           exerlant
grandeur            granduer
arrangements        araingements
tonnage             tonage
evident             evedent
stubbornness        stubborness
beginning           begining
simular             similar
knowledge           knowage
sign                eign
variant             vairiant
transferred         transfered
arrangeing          aranging
conveniently        conviently
absorption          absorbtion
development         developement
coherent            coherant
entirely            entierly
solemn              solomn
also                allso
confusing           confusin
publicly            publically
straining           strainin
description         desacription
really              realy
pamphlet            pamplet
nickel              nickle
currently           curruntly
odyssey             oddysey
radiator            radiater
scissors            scisors
transferred         transfred
totally             totaly
conspired           conpired
truly               truley
specimen            speciment
orientated          orentated
persuade            pursuade
eligible            eligble
strategy            stratagy
analysis            anaylsis
receive             recieve
level               leval
stomach             stomack
thorough            thourough
height              heighth
requested           rquested
preventive          preventative
stirrups            stirups
majority            majorty
mathematically      mathematicaly
consisting          consisiting
spirituous          spiritous
numbers             numbuers
pumpkin             pumkin
inquiries           equiries
reference           refereence
heartrending        heartrendering
leisure             liesure
qualities           quaties
sparsely            sparcely
pleasant            plesant
seminary            seminery
necessitates        nessisitates
whereas             wheras
and                 anf
occurrence          occurence
brown               broun
separate            seperate
dignitary           dignatary
temporary           tempory
plaque              placque
fundamental         fundemental
prominent           prominant
nationally          nationaly
diminish            diminsh
renown              renoun
recompense          recompence
diagrammatically    diagrammaticaally
their               ther
further             furhter
were                wer
female              femail
irrelevant          irrelavent
variety             variatry
difficult           dificult
literature          litriture
disappoint          dessapoint
busy                buisy
accustom            acustom
delving             delvin
appointment         appoitment
experiences         experances
loans               lones
consensus           concensus
mischievous         mischievious
unparalleled        unparalelled
maudlin             mauldin
initial             intital
kitchen             kitchin
imagination         imaganation
intelligence        inteligence
occur               occure
nowadays            nowdays
phase               faze
appendix            apendix
possession          possesion
register            rgister
accomplice          acomplice
decision            descisions
thoroughly          throughly
filthiness          filthness
shrubbery           shrubery
controlled          controled
enemy               emeny
equipped            equipt
reckon              recon
announcement        anouncement
cynical             synical
competent           competant
mattress            matress
brethren            bretheren
visible             visable
hierarchy           hierchy
duchess             dutchess
business            businesss
qualified           qualafied
challenges          chalenges
gardener            gardner
confirmation        confermation
aggravated          agravated
analyze             analize
commercial          comersial
subtract            subtrcat
surrounding         serounding
japanese            japaneze
recipient           resipient
chauffeur           chauffuer
pavilion            pavillion
phenomenal          phenominal
component           componant
adequately          adaquately
controversy         controversey
mammoth             mamoth
forecast            forcast
suburban            sububan
pursuit             persuit
approximately       aproximately
countryman          countriman
every               evrey
incorrigible        incorigible
whether             wether
kimono              kimona
secretaries         secutaries
omission            ommision
prophecy            prophesy
proviso             provisoe
essential           esential
discrete            discreet
choosing            chosing
infinite            infinate
accompanying        acompaning
romantic            romantick
variable            varible
agreeable           agreable
exactly             exsactly
examining           examinin
visitor             vistor
routine             rouint
handsome            hansome
decides             descides
leisure             leasure
anniversary         anniversery
knowledge           knowlege
throughout          throuout
employed            emploied
experiences         experances
proceeding          proceding
colossal            collosal
despair             dispair
television          televison
collate             colate
restaurateur        restauranteur
their               thier
conference          conferance
maneuver            manuveur
interesting         intresting
data                dsata
considerable        conciderable
combine             comibine
security            seurity
drastically         drasticly
meteorological      meterological
doubt               doupt
himself             himselfe
scissors            sissers
luckily             luckeley
voting              voteing
committee           comittee
now                 noe
sprinkle            sprinkel
access              acess
drastically         drasticaly
rhubarb             ruhbarb
sorority            sororiety
significant         significent
accept              acept
stretched           streched
lonely              lonley
vegetable           vegatable
receipts            receits
synonymous          synonomous
dining              dinning
beneficial          benficial
heinous             hienous
corduroy            corderoy
foreign             foriegn
nonsense            nonsence
darling             darlin
user                uers
magnificent         magnificant
supposedly          supposidly
feeling             fealing
guardian            guardien
dropped             droped
dreaming            dreamin
sought              saught
useful              usful
paraphernalia       parephernalia
genius              genious
session             sesion
incompatibility     incompatability
acquaintances       aquantences
successive          sucsesive
appropriate         appropiate
onerous             onirous
religious           religous
politics            polatics
relatively          relitivly
assessment          assesment
originally          orginally
students            studens
kaleidoscope        kaliedoscope
narrative           narative
stratagem           strategem
mortgaged           mortgauged
description         desription
hierarchal          hierachial
proffer             profer
mean                meen
demands             diemands
sophomore           sophmore
credit              creadit
embarrassment       embarassment
receiving           reciving
psychological       psycological
slimmest            slimest
caribbean           carribean
duly                duely
choose              chose
possibilities       posiblities
expense             expence
craftsman           craftman
grievous            grievious
ordinary            ordenary
largely             largly
night               nite
clerk               clerck
availability        avaiblity
families            familes
approximately       aproximatly
merchandise         merchandize
excessively         exessively
reference           referance
that                thatt
prior               piror
interference        intereference
waggish             wagish
octopus             octapus
souvenir            souviner
facilitate          facilatate
independence        independance
weapons             wepons
compared            comppared
conscience          concience
analysis            analiss
laboratory          labortory
insight             insite
pickerel            pickeral
restaurant          restuarant
comparison          comparrison
senior              sienior
promontory          promonotory
commit              comit
bargaining          baragining
rehabilitate        rehabilatate
profession          preffeson
yield               yeild
preferable          preferrable
sheep               sheepe
studying            studing
ecstasy             ecstacy
instantaneous       instantanous
bonus               bonas
immediate           imediate
hand                hande
coolly              cooly
rheumatism          rhuematism
paternity           paternaty
approximately       approximatly
centrally           centraly
personnel           personnell
unequivocally       unequivocaly
eliminated          elimiated
appeal              apeal
irrelevant          irrevelant
believe             beleive
thief               theaf
ascertain           assertain
metropolitan        metropolitian
progresses          progressess
accumulated         acumulated
separation          seperation
advice              advise
receive             receave
concede             consede
careers             carrers
advise              advice
category            catagorey
examine             examin
description         descvription
antarctic           antartic
organized           oranised
bingley             bingly
pursue              persue
pain                paine
hierarchy           heiarky
refrigerator        refrigerater
apologies           appologies
appearing           appearin
reclamation         reclaimation
eligible            elegable
seized              siezed
bicycle             bicycal
neither             niether
provisionally       provisionaly
optician            optitian
irresistible        irristible
locally             localy
fox                 foxx
alumnae             alumni
source              sourse
however             howeverr
coliseum            colosium
symmetry            symetry
unnecessary         unessessay
account             acount
discipline          discpline
usage               useage
rhododendron        rhododrendon
tyrannical          tyranical
cantaloupe          cantaloube
annual              anual
origin              origen
finally             finaly
bungalow            bungalo
allow               alow
therefore           therefor
business            busness
functionally        functionaly
fictitious          fictitous
opportunity         opperttunity
tobacco             tobbaco
leeway              leaway
acknowledgment      acknowledgement
knickknacks         knicknacks
approximate         aproximate
apparent            apparant
poetry              poetrie
abattoir            abbatoir
appropriation       apropriation
later               latter
accessing           accesing
clever              cleva
hindrance           hinderence
bushel              bushell
equalled            equaled
further             futher
asking              askin
vacancy             vacency
overall             overal
scarcity            scarsity
unfortunately       unfortunatly
regained            regined
naphtha             naptha
eliminate           illiminate
administration      adminstration
reciprocal          reciprocel
physician           phisician
ingratitude         ingratitoode
easier              easer
raise               raize
authoritative       authorative
suggested           sugested
necessity           nessesity
bankruptcy          bankrupcy
redundant           redundent
incense             insense
conceived           concieved
flammable           flamable
dispel              dispell
recommending        reccommending
moving              moveing
surveying           servaying
occasionally        occasionly
standardizing       stanerdizing
shepherd            sheperd
exquisite           exquiset
normally            normaly
table               tasble
perseverance        perseverence
suing               sueing
magnificent         magnificient
admissible          admissable
necessary           neccassary
vaccination         vacinnation
effecting           effectinge
composed            compossed
plagiarism          plaigarism
personalty          personality
brief               brieff
aggravating         agravating
beneficent          beneficient
reparation          repairation
strenuous           strenous
entertained         enterteyned
procedure           proceduer
earnest             ernest
calling             callin
apollo              appolo
when                whn
gauge               guage
dependence          dependance
proportions         proprtions
possess             posess
imagination         imagnation
input               inut
recommending        recomending
ascertain           acertain
paid                payed
successful          succesful
set                 et
parenthesis         parenthasis
repetition          repitition
social              socal
system              sysem
sincerity           sincerety
salaries            salarys
prisoner            prisner
meeting             meetin
accommodate         accomodate
referring           refering
connoisseurs        connoiseurs
correspondence      correspondance
relevant            relavent
sandwich            sanwich
penitentiary        penitentary
weighted            wagted
incidentally        incidently
drew                drewe
continuous          continious
whether             wheather
supplement          suplement
battalion           batallion
repel               repell
weed                weede
guaranteed          guarenteed
ponderous           pondorous
interrogating       interogationg
enormously          enomosly
according           acording
containing          containg
disappoint          dissapoint
prejudice           prejedice
philippines         phillipines
infallible          infalable
believe             belive
admitting           admiting
prepared            prepaired
vacancy             vancancy
apparent            aparent
examination         eximination
unavailable         unavailble
accede              acceed
auxiliary           auxillary
safeguard           safegaurd
edition             ediion
confectionery       confectionary
shortened           shortend
preceding           preceeding
pendulum            pendelum
clerk               cleark
occasionally        ocassionaly
naphtha             naphta
conversely          conversly
finally             finaly
representatives     represenatives
banana              bananna
semesters           semisters
pronunciation       pronounciation
received            recived
permissible         permissable
valuable            valuble
indispensable       indispensible
easily              easyly
immensely           immensly
delirious           dilirious
obbligato           obliggato
archaeological      archeological
wednesday           wensday
manufactories       manufacturies
professor           proffesor
assistance          assistence
vengeance           vengance
siege               seige
adaptability        adaptibility
analysing           aalysing
earliest            earlyest
judgment            judgement
satisfactory        satisfactary
usurious            usurous
negligible          negligable
efficiency          effeciency
continuous          continous
rhythm              rythm
separated           seperated
except              excxept
expensive           expencive
occasionally        occasionaly
encourage           encorage
answer              anwser
sagacious           sagatious
existence           existance
careers             currers
specimens           specimans
expansion           expanion
buoyant             bouyant
search              serch
experience          experance
ghastly             gastly
disappointing       dissapoiting
superintendent      supertendent
questionnaire       questionare
resulting           reulting
masterpiece         masterpice
desperately         despratly
econometric         economtric
extremely           extreamly
universally         universaly
sugar               suger
necessarily         necessarilly
sovereignty         sovreignty
fiery               firey
challenges          chalenges
collateral          calateral
appreciation        apreciation
anomalies           anomolies
guardian            gaurdian
university          universaty
approximate         approxomate
nature              natior
guidelines          guidlines
pivoting            pivting
reference           refference
analysis            analisis
associated          assosiated
virtually           vertually
customary           customery
success             sucess
descendant          descendent
quarter             quater
pervaded            prevaded
minutes             muinets
own                 owne
silhouette          silhuette
contained           contasined
tragedy             tradegy
asinine             assinine
